Docs v2.0 (#3)
nvnieuwk/nf-validation: docs/background.md

In addition to config params, a common best-practice for pipelines is to use a "sample sheet" file containing required input information. For example: a sample identifier, filenames and other sample-level metadata.

> Nextflow itself does not provide functionality to validate config parameters or parsed samplesheets. To bridge this gap, we developed code within the [nf-core community](https://nf-co.re/) to allow pipelines to work with a standard `nextflow_schema.json` file, written using the [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/) format. The file allows strict typing of parameter variables and inclusion of validation rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextflow itself does not provide functionality to validate config parameters or parsed sample sheets. To bridge this gap, we developed code within the [nf-core community](https://nf-co.re/) to allow pipelines to work with a standard `nextflow_schema.json` file, written using the [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/) format. The file allows strict typing of parameter variables and inclusion of validation rules.
```
